Well,
well,
well go to your mom's house,
la.
Basically
pets all the time.
Get some barbecue,
all God damn day
from the Daca,
from the Honda's glad.
Well
I don't play around.
Just
stab you in your sleep.
Get your ass out.
My face.
Respect my pregnancy.
I don't feel nothing.
I get what I need to siphon gas when you're outside.
You ain't shit.
I piss and shit.
You better not fucking good.
That kind of Daniel and they would stop.
Her husband gave me some money.
They got to pay up.
You could get kidnapped the finish up mother SPEC.
Uh,
yeah,
of course.
Now
you can not disrespect getting mad.
Motherfuckers blocked and just get shit done.
Toin flows
from
the
Sunday
from the hunters.
I didn't live out aside for three years.
I live outside cost stepping up the game.
When the fuck are we going back to the dog park
people,
Chihuahuas,
Labrador,
all God damn.
Day per day,
man.
That's Ob one can Noli legendary the legendary.
So absolutely.
He,
um,
uh,
it's one of the most amazing,
I'm still in awe of the fact that,
uh,
he was able to
piece together conversation and make it rhyme.
We make a song that was hours of you talking,
I mean,
sorry,
as talking gas.
And then he edited together hours.
I saw him and I met him in Hawaii.
Remember that?
They,
he told me it took like 20 hours just to do the,
uh,
the lyric part,
which I think is worth every minute.
That song is amazing.
Who would have taken me a fucking month?
I wouldn't never do it.
I wouldn't even,
I wouldn't even undertake.
This is a Dj Noelle Aka the Cko.
Um,
it says gene flow by genes lows,
but his,
um,
his actual thing here says slow.
Fuck Jesus.
A fog or you likes to slow.
Fuck yeah,
great question.
I'm kind of a slow fuck.
I don't like to,
I'm a s m a slow fuck.
Yeah.
I'm,
I'm a slow fuck.
I am too.
And I liked his low back.
Right.
Well,
I'm saying I prefer I'm being a slope.
Um,
the moms are coming to sperm bank comedy club.
It's in a flap.
Harris Comedy Club in Sperm Bank,
California.
Also known as Burbank.
We are doing your mom's house podcast live Monday,
August 15th get your tickets now.
Go to Tom Cigarette ICOM thousand ranch Diacom or your mom's house,
podcast.com and make sure to scoop tickets.
It's going to be a an evening podcast.
Live in Burbank flappers comedy club.
Make sure to check it out.
Genes.
What do you got for us?
Tons of stuff.
I'm coming to Seattle.
Meet rattle at the uh,
to come on your comedy club.
Sealing shut.
Come and me club.
And then September 28th in poor cland or pork,
a man's whole helium comedy club.
Okay.
And then October 4th,
Dallas Phallus,
Duh.
Yeah.
October 5th boost-inn at the secret group on a huge dump.
The 23rd of October.
Indianapolis,
mortise,
Comedy Club,
Kimber 24th Cincinnati or shits us flatty go banana.
Yeah,
DC Improv.
The ninth and the 10th of December.
That's it.
That's great.
There you go.
Let's see.
Buy.
Yeah,
man,
I am going to be in calm all over us,
Ohio.
Come on our bus,
Ohio at the funny bone,
the C bus.
I've been there before.
I always have a good time.
Oh h please come out and see me.
Columbus at your nice small.
Um,
what else I got?
Well,
I'm doing the odd ball comedy tour with a bunch of great comedians.
Um,
you could possibly see me with Brian Regan,
Sebastian Maniscalco.
Uh,
let's see who else is on that.
Bert Kreischer.
I think that's how you say his name.
Um,
he's doing a bunch of dates.
Coco Diaz is doing some dates.
Um,
Eliza is doing some dates.
Uh,
John Malaney is doing some dates.
It's going to be a really fun thing.
Hannibal's doing a couple of dates.
I'm doing a bunch of cities,
uh,
poo stain.
Um,
let's see.
Worst Harry Palm Beach,
Tampon Nipples,
Ville,
Toronto,
Hartford,
um,
comed in mount her pubes,
California Mani asshole pice,
Minnesota.
So all these great cities,
they're all at times cigarette icon.
Please get your tickets now.
And by the way,
the show we added and fill her up.
Delphia at November 18th is in the last leg.
If you want to get tickets to that,
that's gonna be it.
So make sure you get tickets.
Fill her up.
Delfia and a Jude or titties is also on sale.
All right.
Um,
that's that.
That's the,
uh,
that's the,
the,
the dates.
There you go.
Yay.
Sorry.
Really?
Do you care?
Uh,
you ready to do the show?
Let's get into it.
Yeah.
Jeans.
25 year old James Sester jumped from this homemade wooden platform off this 30
foot bus.
Okay.
Please call this location unsafe and poorly operated.
The sheriff even says he wants to shut it down,
but the owner,
Charles Womack says he's not going anywhere.
Just trying to help high school kids and college kids cause they ain't got no
money.
Nobody got time,
Christina.
Well,
that's good,
by the way,
pointing out that idea of a Starbucks company.
Watch out.
Stop by to champion.
Stop lying first.
Who flow.
Yes.
Stop it.
You're such a liar.
Look what I have full and I fill this up on our Sparklets machine ever beyond.
I said avi-on and someone send me email and they gave me a bird flu or whatever.
You talk stupid and I have a backup.
Laquanda
yeah.
Can y'all get me a bottle of that?
Maybe are on says avi-on.
What do you say?
You don't say Evian.
I see.
Oh,
bullshit.
I think it's from the French Alps.
I say if you don't even know water is who orders the water in this house.
I do.
I get the Charlottes.
I get that.
You don't even,
you're not even,
you don't even know who,
how good the water gets you.
How what?
Hold on.
Yeah.
I liked his little voice in a big part.
He's like the white guy version of that.
This guy,
Carl's Womack says he's not going anywhere.
Just trying to help
college kids cause they ain't got no money.
Yeah,
there you go.
What do you think happened to his nuts?
Dinky loss.
Sickness.
Voices.
Absurd.
He jumped off the blue cove a few times and hit his nuts on the rocks.
It happened exactly one year and 10 days from the one year on Sunday.
Womack says he's not changing any of those roles here despite the two tragic
deaths
like
I unlocked or Melbourne,
we over here and that's public.
Oh,
I couldn't align
what was going on here.
That's got be one of the worst ways is to have to live with,
I came with,
I can't mimic it.
That's too high.
Pitched
very masculine.
I like your voice.
Your Voice is very deep and sexual.
You know?
Especially lately you've really been embracing kind of a sexy dad persona.
Put on your glasses.
Let everybody see you.
You gave me the tag.
Hashtag sexy dad is mine.
Thank you.
You always take it and say a juror's.
It's mine.
Sexy Dad.
I'm a sexy dad.
Anything guys,
you think it's a sexy dad?
I think it's sexy now.
I like it.
What do you think?
Sure.
Don't feel like he finds me sexy at all.
Really.
It's an upgrade.
It's definitely,
you definitely looks smarter.
You look like you just,
you can open books,
not just close them like Ellis does that.
He'll just close the cover
takes after his dad.
Is that sexy?
You've also been taking up a cigar smoking and drinking.
Like what is it?
Scotch.
That's like dad's stuff too.
You've really been embracing this,
that identity had one on one?
Yeah.
Only had a couple cigars
actually.
No,
I didn't do it now because you've no,
no.
I bought a bunch and thinking that at the,
when we had that reception here that I could hand those out to people and be
like,
you wanna smoke a cigar and nobody was interested in,
I forgot to offer.
So now I have like a box I said goes.
But um,
uh,
the Scots thing,
you know,
it is something that I always wanted to,
cause you hear about people having these,
I don't know,
a drink with,
they're like,
oh my God,
that's amazing.
That quality and at bars that I've gone to or just growing up,
I never went for the high quality stuff.
You always just drank to get,
you know,
rent to get ripped.
Yeah.
So pooling your poop pile later.
So it's just been fun to explore it a little bit.
I just did a little research.
I bought a bottle and um,
it was actually delicious.
Everybody at that,
at that part.
It was,
I can try that.
Yeah.
So does this affect your Dj Dad Map Persona?
It does feel like a,
a very,
you know,
a great departure from it.
But I feel like dad mouth is who I am at my core.
That's how it's different than sexy dad.
Like I feel like,
yeah,
not really.
This is an alter ego.
Yeah.
They don't,
they don't hang out.
They don't hand them all like Dj Dad and it's like a cool dad and then,
well,
I mean,
Dj dad mouth doesn't even fully accept that he is a dad,
you know?
That's why he's a DJ.
Like he knows he probably has kids,
but it's not like,
yeah,
I don't think dad mother's going home for their birthdays and stuff.
Definitely would sexy.
Dad would probably buy a sexy present to give to his child on a sexy birthday.
You know?
Oh,
the baby's sexy birthday.
Yeah.
Like the sexy dad would be like,
when does that start?
Sexy baby birthday?
Well,
I think sexy that does it from first birthday.
He just buys like maybe a mesh top for child.
Can we play that Instagram video?
That guy dancing just as you're talking your dad on please.
He sent this to me yesterday.
I know he posted on Instagram and my fucking brain almost exploded because it
looks,
I got a lot of texts about that.
People were loving that.
Oh my God,
it's so my dad,
first of all,
you nailed it.
Like he's probably doing this right now as we're,
as we're talking of,
see this guy's holy shit for our listeners.
I Dunno how to discipline,
but talk over it.
Just have it playing in the background cause it's so rad.
Let me see here.
Let's continue the sexy dad discussion.
I don't want to lose it.
No,
of course.
Of course.
Oh my fuck theory is,
did he so rad?
Yeah,
I mean how would you describe this man?
Everything.
It's,
it's the guy who's,
you know,
the most interesting man in the world and to be your guy,
it's him and he's got a dark,
leathery Tan and he's got a gold chain.
That's got,
got like dog tags on it and then he's wearing a wrist wrap thing and gold and an
ankle one too.
And this,
this is like a skirt.
He's got like a man skirt on it.
I think it's a Speedo,
but then he put like a loin cloth over it and he's got glasses.
And if he's having like a dance off super lean,
he's got the v like the cock.
Yeah.
He looks like a piece of Turkey jerky.
Oh yeah.
And they're doing this like Greece dance.
Like you're the one that I want.
And like they taunt,
they go back and forth,
not class.
He liked that.
It's super as like Ibiza.
Tana European moves fucking brought over here.
Yeah.
He's so,
you're of hand and that's why I love it.
Look at it.
Oh,
in any person's pretends to puncher.
Yeah.
It's so fucking rad dude.
Ah,
why?
Why?
She was like,
oh,
and the clapping.
My Dad claps a lot when he dances to European stuff is just,
it's just a sunbathing.
Yeah.
My Dad's my dad's life.
It's,
it'd be that all the time.
Huh?
This is totally my dad.
It's this,
I feel like this is ed though.
This may,
and I don't even know if this guy has money a thing or he's the kind of guy that
people with money just keep around like a party guy them around.
Yeah,
because he's got the best cocaine.
Sure.
Oh.
And then he dares her to a dance off.
It's just it,
his hair is white though,
right?
Yeah.
The moves are so European too,
so bad.
And they're at a multimillion dollar place.
You can tell them.
Yeah.
You know,
like infinity pool and all wipe stuff.
If you're,
if you're not on youtube,
at least look at Tom's Instagram and my Instagram feed.
Yeah,
you're going to die.
It's the vast,
that's pretty good.
Everything.
Okay.
So Jesus,
let us talk about your sexy dad.
Now.
Uh,
that is not a sexy dad.
I know,
Barb.
Yeah.
I shadow dance with my hands.
My finger and my ass
is fat.
You love that song.
I listened to it on a loop.
So what?
I mean,
you know,
we watch that video and then I listened to that.
So I have a make sound machine in front of me
and magical sandbox or is it due to the eye shadow dodge with my hands.
My finger in my ass.
Was that song that the Bertus fat or is it it's friends as are,
yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Here we go.
[inaudible]
is it,
I thought this is it.
Yeah,
this is it.
This is it.
Let it go.
Know,
do
fluffy.
It
is fine.
I bet.
Sexy vacations ad.
What's your Pronoun Man?
Last week's episode.
I got into it with my parents about pronouns,
so fun just to hear them be like,
so are you eat?
My Dad was like,
I just like to get to know people's name.
I think the whole concept just blew his mind.
He was like,
yeah,
I just rather you should ask her name,
name.
I go,
you know,
you say like Zim over there and he's like,
ah.
It's called Bob.
Okay,
what's your phone now?
Yeah,
ask.
Someone's come.
Yeah.
That's really rude because I like a obviously a boy.
Gertler.
We've got sun,
it's got stone and then your sister was on last week's episode and I'm,
holy moly.
Yeah,
the evolution of Maria's concerns.
I mean it used to be Starbucks and then she had a kid,
two kids and then now it's all about discharge.
Her biggest problem is vaginal discharge and semen leaking out of her and like,
yeah,
mostly and fat people fuck up.
Disgusting.
Real low thing for fat people.
We gotta so disgusting.
People are still discussing that discussing.
Um,
I know we have blah blah blah.
We use this APP by the way,
door dash a lot to get through to us.
We finally,
yesterday,
I think for the first time ever we're defeated by Sushi and we didn't realize
what happened was we placed an order.
We actually ordered too much Sushi is what you're saying.
What I'm saying is it for the first we were given too much Sushi.
I don't think we were ordered too much Sushi.
Yeah,
because remember the whole order complication.
it didn't make sense.
So we ordered at like five and it tells
you,
it tracks your order.
You can see the restaurant.
Has your honor,
the restaurants making your food,
a driver picked up your order,
a drivers bringing your order,
and then it says delivered.
So it says like the restaurants making your food and then it says the drivers
waiting and then it's,
you know,
it's five o'clock ordered at six o'clock.
It says the drivers waiting six 15 so now you're like,
all right,
it's been an hour,
six 30 and so you're like,
hey man,
what's going on?
And the guys like the orders so big,
uh,
that I got to wait like we've heard that tall tale before.
Yeah.
And you're like,
Oh man,
yeah,
the Sushi orders.
You're like,
dude,
what are you talking about?
Orders are always to bank,
but they're not that big.
You know,
they always cry about how big it is.
They do.
And they cry.
10 sets of Sushi.
Is this for your party you're throwing tonight?
Yeah.
So they gave us all the chopsticks and,
but usually it's just that we get,
you know,
I dunno,
let's say we order eight or nine Sushi orders,
a couple roles and sometimes there's something else,
you know,
seaweed salad or something like that.
So it's always like,
I dunno,
it feels very manageable.
But anyways,
this guy was like,
well,
you know,
the order is so big.
And I'm like,
what are you talking about man?
Then I started doing the,
you can DM their customer service.
It has nothing to do with the driver,
the drivers just there to pick up your food.
So it's never really,
this issue is not the driver issue time.
Sometimes it is,
sometimes it isn't.
The driver punked out and just decided not to show up.
And then another driver came.
We've had lots of dealings with this APP.
I know,
I know.
And a fan some days.
Well I'm really not a fan of their customer service.
And what I mean is that I think it's so annoying when you can read the training
and the customer service person.
You could sometimes you get it on the phone.
Yep.
And you just go like I know you're just mimicking your training.
They tried to empathize with you.
So they use the emotional empathy so that they don't actually have to do
anything.
Exactly.
So the fuck if you care about my feelings,
I'm sitting there like damning this guy and I go,
look man,
it's been this long and I'm not getting an update like what's going on?
And the first thing he writes is like,
I understand how frustrating that can be.
And I'm like,
Oh God,
okay.
Yeah.
And he goes,
let me see what's going on.
And I go,
it's been this long.
And he then he writes me and drivers getting the food right now.
Right.
It was exactly driver's drivers in the food right now.
I'm like,
okay.
And he goes,
how about I a refund like this or that?
And I go,
what does that amount to?
And he goes $10.
And I'm like,
okay.
And then I go,
you know that's weird cause the guy who I actually talked,
I talked to the driver and I go,
it's weird that it's ready now.
Cause he was saying a moment ago that he has to wait.
So I called the,
which keep in mind we've already been,
it's an hour,
right?
We've waited and usually the foods at your house at an hour.
Right.
So it's already been an hour has passed since we placed this order.
I call the driver and I go,
hey man,
do you have the food now?
And he goes,
no.
Like I said,
I have to wait cause it's so big.
And I go,
so how long are you going to wait?
He's like,
it's going to be a while.
So then I,
I messaged the guy,
go,
hey man,
you just told me that the drivers getting the food right now and he's not like
you just said that to kind of dismiss me.
I called him out,
I go and that's not,
it's not cool to do that.
And he just,
he went silent and I checked the emblem of movie and you can see when like when
they're writing,
it's just like an iPhone conversation and he just went,
he went dark.
So I go at that point I was much more irritated by him bullshitting me.
Yeah.
Then yeah,
he lied.
This is with my phone by the way.
It is,
it's all Christina.
So then I started a new chat with a new person and this guy,
very nice guy.
I have to,
but I have to refer,
I have to inform him of a,
of everything that happened cause I can go look at that chat.
He looks at it and I'm telling him,
the dude just told me that they picked up the food but he didn't.
I go,
it's a lie.
It's a blatant lie and it's irritating.
And he goes,
I understand how he retained that must feel.
And I'm like,
yeah man,
it sucks.
Um,
and I go,
so what are you going to,
what?
I go your $10 credit therapist where they pair it back to what you just said.
Your $10 credit is not sufficient.
I don't want your $10 credit.
I go look at the amount of times I order.
Look at the amount of,
I suppose it's not cool.
He live on door dash.
Sometimes I go make it right and he goes seeing what I can do.
And then he goes,
what if I could wave,
um,
five delivery fees and then a service fee?
And I go,
nope.
And I know that they,
they're big.
You can tell,
you can read into the training as you read conversations that their main thing
is like,
don't give people refunds.
Don't give out money.
So the guy's like,
oh yeah.
And he keeps avoiding answering my questions about refund.
Like I go,
um,
you know,
hey,
so what's up with this refund?
And he goes,
I just spoke to the driver.
If your food's going to be ready and you were like three exclamation points,
like,
isn't that exciting?
And I go,
you're not answering me with the question I just asked you because he's keeps,
I'm working on this for you.
And then he asked me something else and I go again,
can we do the refund?
And it just was over it over and over.
And then he,
then you could tell,
he goes,
I can offer a 50% refund.
I was so exhausted at that point that I go fine.
Like just take it,
take it again.
That's why I gave the phone to you.
It was like an hour.
It was through so much work.
I was willing to just take the extra hour way and be like,
whatever dude,
just fucking get in the end.
What hungry I didn't realize was the do.
You did somehow ordered a party's work
so much and thank God they gave us that credit because it's been a fortunate
what happened there?
I,
here's what I think it was when I opened and I was like what the I know cause I
showed you the order in the car.
I remember it.
So here's what I was driving and I was a baby gene.
So we're,
we're in the car baby Jesus having a meltdown.
Yeah,
I'm starving.
We're about to get on the freeway and I'm thinking I'm going to order this
dinner.
I'm going to be a fucking smart mom and an hour from now as we get home,
our dinner will be there.
I'll be,
everything will be great.
So I'm the kid kids crying.
I'm there.
And I'm just like ordering Shit and I hand it to you look at this over does this
look okay?
Yeah,
you're at a stop light.
We don't look it over.
And I think what happened is they have this feature where you can look at the
last order that you put and you can copy and paste it.
And I think I looked at our previous order,
I didn't think that I had submitted it again,
but maybe I'd submitted the previous order and on top of that and a new order of
a massive amount of food for people that don't order Sushi.
Massive.
It was mass me tell.
So people that don't know when you order Sushi,
there's a god.
So say it wrong.
Negretti right Nigga you and is Uri.
You say it.
I think the g is hard.
Okay.
And I g g two GS.
Two GS.
You fucking racist.
Yes.
No,
I just want you to pronounce it that way.
It's phonetic.
I'm spelling it out.
Big words.
Hi the Gary.
That's what it is,
Nigga.
Sorry.
Oh No,
no,
don't please say it.
The way I say it isn't a Gary,
this is Shimi and there's a Shimmy and there's roles,
right?
Yeah.
So,
but like you know,
if you really enjoy the fish portion of the things,
you're getting Sashimi,
which is just fish,
no rice or new Gary,
which is a slice of fish on a piece of like a ball of rice basically.
Right?
So when you order McGarry,
which is the fish and the rice and you say,
I want one order,
that's two pieces,
right?
So generally let's say it's a couple people you maybe you get two orders of a
fish you really like.
So that's four pieces,
right?
It's always times two.
But like if you just go,
Oh let's try this,
you order one,
you each get a piece.
I OVN they bring in like they give us like eight styrofoam
pockets.
So vast.
I opened chopsticks and
I see 12 pieces of salmon,
just salmon.
And I'm like,
um,
which means that's six orders of Salmon.
Niggery Sushi open the next box.
Same thing with yellow tail tuna.
I'm like,
what did you do so much?
And at first,
you know,
cause we've been waiting long were emotional.
I'm like we're going to tear this shit up.
Go through a few.
Ah Ha.
You know a few bites of this people answer that was totally defeated by this
order.
I mean it's down.
It took us down.
Not just took us down.
I refrigerated you fucking a hundred
pieces of Sushi and then uh,
today lunch,
um,
before you got here,
I open the fridge.
I see six boxes of,
of Styrofoam.
I aid,
I don't know as much as I could again.
And I still didn't get it cause I was hoping you'd go back for your second
dinner.
Dinner is Sushi is like air.
Yeah.
It goes like you didn't go back for a second.
You're tired man.
Do you want us to do yesterday?
That was fucking horrible.
So much food.
Too much.
But I still think the guys are Shit Dick for lying about that.
That is not cool.
Especially from,
uh,
because you know you're going to get angry or actually if I didn't know,
I'd be even angrier that I,
that he had been like,
oh your food's coming.
And I was like,
oh,
okay.
And then you just sit there and then an hour later I would have been like,
hey,
where are you?
He's like,
I'm waiting on their food.
I've seen that guy's an asshole.
I think you're right.
I think he's an asshole too.
I want to find out where he lives.
Yeah.
Well thank God we got $400 off or serious.
That was a lot,
I guess.
Holy Molly.
Yeah.
I had an addendum to that.
Oh no I did not.
I didn't.
You didn't even,
uh,
you've been watching homeland.
Oh my God.
Finally into it.
I got to say a couple of things.
First of all,
I'm,
I actually really am a fan of getting into shows a few seasons after that,
it's really much more fun,
dies down,
and then he could just like enjoy it.
You can watch seasons,
not just like,
we did that with the Americans,
which was so great and you could just go one season,
two season.
I'm in there now with homeland.
I'm losing my mind.
I'm uh,
I'm almost done with season two and did the JV season's even and I think he
disagrees.
Remember lots of bird one and two are the best seasons outlets.
That's what birds always say.
He watched it on his,
in his nest.
Yeah,
I don't think so.
I I like the later ones personally theories,
but like I don't want to ruin anything to know.
But Tom is up now.
You know,
we have to wake up early with this baby jeans.
I like,
I,
I've have like seven in the morning.
I usually get up at eight and you're,
you've been up fighting the terrorists until one 30 in the morning.
I'll be,
I'll get up to pee and I'm like,
you're still watching homeland like you've blown well I know because seasons and
they fuck you because they're starts.
I go with the editors with every episode,
Angela like Ah,
Shit.
Like if it was a normal time of watching it as an air and I'd be like,
oh great,
next time.
But I have the whole fucking library and I just get to the library.
I get to just press the next one on.
And then what I've been doing is just cutting myself off.
Like last night I could have gone to bed so early I was so tired and had 1130
who's in the middle of an episode.
I go,
I just got to have to pull the plug to it free.
I force myself to turn it.
It's a long day.
We had a long week.
Wow.
Okay.
Well I'm glad that you had the self discipline and know
to pull the plug on the episodes.
I had to do that too.
It's such a,
the way that they,
they close out one episode.
It just,
they're so good.
The writing on it,
right.
Such a cliffhanger.
You're like,
oh,
I got to know what I wasn't going to have an to carry.
Now,
by the way,
um,
the Ebeneezer storylines routing sarge browser,
so crit,
I don't wanna give away.
I'm,
I'm just recommending to listeners who maybe have not explored the show to give
it a shot.
It's really well done.
I'm kicking Bitsy,
right?
Oh God.
Oh yeah.
Rubbing her belly was my friend.
She didn't even care.
This is the most easy.
She ended up actually for bitsy update.
You know,
we've got our,
uh,
about a year and change ago and she was a horrible dog for about a year and now
it's annoying,
annoying way she'd shoot.
I mean she still choose a lot of shit,
but just high energy would never chill.
Now she's pretty good.
She ended up to being a great dog.
She's under my feet right now and I'm just rubbing her and she doesn't fucking
care.
She loves it.
She's so easy going.
The is good girl.
She's a sweet girl.
She still eats everything like a dummy.
They just got diarrhea.
I like rocks.
They both had diarrhea.
These dogs.
Really cool.
By the way,
Blue Band pointed out to me that when we played beardo from a mom,
Australia teaching a Latin class on how to say bird is fat.
Uh,
we missed,
we were laughing so hard that we missed a little exchange of it.
I'll play the whole thing for you right now.
That's so fucking funny.
So let's say we are describing people in Latin.
We're using adjectives,
let's say the adjective or basis.
Let's try this and that.
The sentence,
so I'll put this on the blog.
Let's say Bob's Chrysler or basis.
Can everyone say that together?
Very good.
Just some cute factor.
So last week,
well,
we played that.
We laughed so hard at the kids or the class saying it.
We missed that.
Whose bar?
Just some huge fat guy.
All right,
very good.
Just some cute factor.
I just started to bark a moment ago.
He was saying that,
uh,
when he was in Montreal for the festival awhile back.
I bet.
I'm sure he did.
I'm
sure he did.
But he goes to everywhere I walked.
If somebody,
if I seen someone in a while,
they'd be
like,
hey man,
Tom is fucking fat.
But that's how they greet him.
They're like,
he's way fucking fire that you do it.
That was the greeting he got from people he hadn't seen in a year.
That your way fatter than him.
Patently false.
But I mean,
I know,
but they're,
you know,
they're face to face with them.
Can you imagine how much fatter you got in Montreal?
When we went last year,
I was pregnant.
Five months pregnant.
Yeah.
And every 10 steps,
there's a preteen,
there's everything and your booze and you,
if you're not pregnant,
you just booze it up all week.
Yeah.
Like every night.
What you do is you do your shows and you guys,
you want to get fucking hammered and everyone just drinks and then you eat on
top of that.
And then you go to bed till late night eating the eating before the drinking.
I remember every two steps,
there's a waffle place.
Yes.
And I would just,
you know,
he's so much fatter this week after her.
Oh yeah.
Yeah,
I bet.
Yeah.
You've gotta be,
it's one of the first guys ever won the fast guys.
And the business is what the,
is what they say.
That's what's on his bio now.
Um,
and did you see this by the way?
let me pull this over here.
You're going to shit your pants.
This is fucking real.
And No,
I did not do this,
but it is,
uh,
let me see.
I Babette is fired up about about bots is fat.
But the bad,
the bad.
But a man,
sorry,
it's fine listening.
I know,
but I'm trying to do something just to be a pound.
This is a website.
It's a,
it's burned chrysler.com B,
u r n t
pfizer.com and by the way,
yes you see that as our bird is fat shirt is here.
I didn't set this up.
What's crazy?
So I think someone else made a website to what really?
Is this from the cheat sheet or is this a different one?
No,
no.
Oh No.
I just,
somebody messaged me this,
this is
GG because someone made one that looks different than this.
Oh my God,
there's two websites now and this end like they are linking it.
Yeah,
they link it to my page but I didn't,
my God,
I didn't do this man.
Dude,
this has taken on a life of its own and it has an about me section on it.
Oh my.
And then I saw in the end here goes,
he is widely recognized as the fattest comedian
in comparison to the current water champion.
And physically fit comedy.
Um,
cigarettes and then it's every Hashtag bird is fat tweet.
Oh,
why gun?
I mean,
it's a well made website.
It's really well made.
It must be Squarespace.
I was going to say,
Oh man,
that looks like so there's another one.
Really?
Oh my God.
It was insane.
Look at the quote here,
Tom Segura in better shape
and a better athlete.
He's a beast.
Stuart Scott dead.
Yeah.
Did they have like,
this is like on a loop.
This video of his,
what happens with hit Burdis fatter.
I Dunno.
Oh,
it just goes,
okay.
Why Burns fat or that is unreal,
man.
Unreal.
That's like when I tell him I go,
dude,
you know it's not,
this isn't like,
sorry guys,
I got a high grade.
You know,
this isn't like,
this is way bigger than,
than me being like,
Hey,
you should do this.
I'm a fan man.
Oh,
this is drinking water right now.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
This is the other website.
And then you said a fan almost done with that one.
The other one's gone.
This is ridiculous.
The first website that,
that he made.
Oh my God.
I literally took a website making to make.
Yeah.
What is that picture?
Oh,
that's me and Kyrgyzstan of all things next to water.
that's hilarious.
How did that picture on that website?
Oh,
Christina didn't even know this exists.
Christina has claimed to be the water champion yet research hardly shows are
concerned for coffee.
Yes.
Beer.
Oh yeah.
Some bounce up.
It looks like Maltipoo and a cup,
unfortunately.
Um,
wow.
This is really interesting.
How do people find?
They have little details.
Yeah.
And it's called water champion.
mommy.com.
So funny.
Oh wait,
there's water champion.
Oh,
how funny.
And then here's my water.
Tarrant water champion.
Our main,
yeah.
Bullshit.
Yeah.
Look at that big fucking Mug of water right there,
please.
Tommy remains Armani water chain.
Tommy's trophy in trouble.
Oh,
I like that.
Let's look at that argument.
Oh man,
this is really,
really sad.
It's sad.
I was after I had Ellis embarrass him every day.
Uh,
I want it links it to Tom.
Is Fat burners or how's that prior to the store?
Thomas fat here.
We see.
Don't be fooled.
The jacket adds 40 pounds and it's hilarious.
There's very little evidence that Tom is in fact fat
Tom Barely taking up a third of the frame.
He is so smelled wearing the short sleeves so we can see as massive pythons
letting the world know not to mess with this.
Mommy goes,
this is hilarious.
And look at the water background.
Burt car company that went bankrupt.
It's just downright fat.
Holy Shit.
Wow.
We have the best fans.
Look at this.
Oh,
we can not fit another photo.
That's better as he is too fat and we do not have room on the right.
You guys are hilarious.
We have the best fans.
Our show has the best fans ever.
I think I was looking at are the emails that people made artwork for the
Cincinnati far they made that um,
Instagram meme I put up about you when you nut and she keeps sucking and yeah,
they crazy.
You make that me?
No,
no,
no.
It was sent in through Melissa.
I think
the,
uh,
Shane.
Shane McCleary.
I think managed funds.
So funny.
Yeah.
By the way,
a listener email,
he'll hear it.
Mommy's,
I recently saw a rebroadcast of burnt Chrysler's periscope in the video called
working out five minutes in burnt is wearing some kind of weather balloon suit
while claiming to be the real water champ and claiming that little baby jeans
Ellis is fake shocked and in disbelief.
I almost spit my water out and loosened my jeans.
He was taking a lot of brown talking.
A lot of Brown said Ellis was just a bit.
Wow.
Please confirm.
This is Ellis real love you Ollie.
[inaudible] oh yeah.
Hey Ali.
First of all,
you're such a talented musician.
Thank you very much for all your submissions.
We love you.
Um,
I think if you listen to last week's episode where we brought baby jeans in the
office,
he,
he barely made a peep,
but you can tell there's a little baby.
He's sitting on my lap.
He just woke up from his nap and he just,
you know,
hold on.
I'm like just,
I don't know.
We've always felt like it's weird to post pictures of your children.
I feel like we're in show business and,
and not our son,
like if he wants to be when he's older.
Great.
But I don't,
I don't think it's fair to him to like water champions also yogurt champion
Shit.
Your mom who brought that up?
Blue van.
Who brought that up earlier?
Oh,
fucking blue band.
Who brought that here?
Just tell the truth.
No one's asking you to lie.
Chris.
Thank you Hank.
You,
you're such a,
you lie to them.
You lie.
Tastes like Juju has.
It's so yummy.
It's so stupid.
Once your colonoscopy it's on the 16th.
Nice.
I can't wait.
Yeah,
popup bad is back up above about,
but thank you Ali.
Um,
yes,
we have a real son.
His name is Ellis and um,
he's just eight months old.
He just eight months this week.
Yup.
Duties.
He's Rad.
He's,
he's the best thing we ever did.
Yeah,
I mean I did it.
He didn't really do much.
I Dunno.
My specialist,
I'm really proud of.
Sorry.
So what does that have to do with our son?
He said the best thing I ever did,
I was thinking your career stuff.
You think that the next time
it is healthy,
right?
Yeah.
Can we talk about,
are we talking about what we're doing now?
I want to tell the story about,
we're looking at houses.
Yeah.
So we've decided to look to buy a home,
right?
Cause we rent a house and renting.
It sucks.
I don't want to have a fucking landlord anymore.
It's terrible.
I remember we saw that house that was such a fucking dog shit.
Yes.
And like which one?
I know you hate that.
That's what you're talking about with the way is like,
let's go
the lady we walk in the house.
First of all you were behind,
but I walked in with our,
with the showing agent,
the showing agent show opened the door and
the lady was down there and bullied or looked back.
She was like,
oh.
And showing she goes,
oh,
she sounded what?
What race does she sound?
Oh
no,
because she was Asian and the,
and um,
he just did it.
No,
she goes,
oh mom.
The lady goes,
I didn't know you were a home.
You're never home at this hour.
And she goes,
oh,
I'll go upstairs.
So we start walking around and you know,
we walked through the living room and the dining room and then we get to the
section,
you're depressing houses.
Yeah.
And furniture and depressing.
Depressing,
you know,
design and it's just,
yeah,
it's a true life.
Don't take some pride in your home.
So we sit in the kitchen and then as we're walking through to the stairs,
and I'm glad you did it,
cause I was just going to do the thing where I can go and I'm working and I'm
carrying our son.
You Go,
uh,
we can just go.
And she goes,
she goes,
all right.
And she goes,
uh,
thank you.
Uh,
and the lady goes,
oh,
okay.
She was acknowledging,
Oh,
you're saying that downstairs sucks so bad.
You don't even want to come upstairs.
Oh,
okay.
And those other ones that we,
toward the bathroom,
remember we went upstairs where the guy has shirtless pictures of himself with
the children
sitting on the couch,
not like on a beach,
sitting on his couch,
shirtless with his kids.
I'm like,
my dad and I did a Christmas card when I'm seven years old.
He's shirtless in it and we're sending in front of the fireplace.
He's shirtless.
I'm standing in front of him at Dick Level and I'm holding my cabbage patch
doll.
And he sent that to are like everybody weird.
I got to find it,
I'm going to find it and I'll,
I'll show you the picture.
It's horrible.
The,
um,
maybe they're a European,
you know,
but that one,
we just checked out the master and I was like,
they had like
dark purple walls.
It's just weird.
There's ledges that don't,
you're like,
what goes up there?
They're like,
it's just a design
idea when you think it looks terrible.
And we just walk,
we go start walking down the stairs.
You Go,
thank you.
And that's,
that's,
that means like,
I don't like it,
but done.
So like a polite way.
And that real estate person was also like,
oh,
well thank you.
And then there's so defeated when you,
when your enthusiasm dies,
you know?
Well,
I don't like to waste my time.
It was 110 degree.
Right?
We had the baby,
you know,
you and I were taking turns carrying baby genes through these homes.
And it's not like you can take a stroller if you looking at two story homes or
stairs.
So we had to,
like,
I had to wear the hippy Moby wrap,
put him in and I was,
my back was hurting,
so I was like,
all right,
let's fucking wrap this up.
I ain't fucking for a home.
We,
you know,
a lot of people buy homes in certain parts of the country,
like in their twenties.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah.
We're,
you know,
I'm approaching,
I'm seven years younger than you,
but you fucking lie so much on the show.
But I,
uh,
we've never bought a house when we still haven't been the first time.
This would be,
it's a daunting undertaking to buy a house.
You know,
one house we saw,
you know how it looks great on the inner webs and you're like,
this is going to be awesome.
And you show up and you're like,
my fuck.
They got me.
Yeah,
they tricked me.
And then you go in and one of them smelled like dog piss.
Remember like somebody just let their dogs pass all over their house for like 15
years.
What are you doing?
How do you let that happen?
It's just unsanitary stuff like dude or like my favorite is on these sites like
Zillow within the on there constantly where um,
they don't hire a professional to take the photo.
Like I'm just going to take fucking iPhone pictures.
Like what are you doing?
Fucking punished.
Yes.
Top,
like the right thing to do is either just hire someone to do,
use a nice camera,
aims are really nice camera and put up a nice photos.
People will walk up to their lamp,
snap a photo of it with their iPhone or fucking chair.
What are you doing?
Just the bed.
You're like,
are you selling the bed too?
And then part of the home and they'll have the drapes closed,
lights off.
It was barely light in the room and they upload that photo and you're like,
what?
And then you see like 2.9 million.
Okay asshole.
I now like no one knows your house.
So delusional.
You can always tell the house as a turn.
I've learned on these,
on these real estate websites,
if they do external shot of the house at nighttime with the lights on inside.
Yeah,
it's a Turd.
If they lead with the backyard picture,
Sure.
That's nine times out of 10.
That's what I've learned
now.
That was an interesting one.
It doesn't sound like the others,
like a person was coming out of his stomach like a soul escapes though.
Let's talk about the lead photos.
That is a good thing.
If your lead profile photo on real estate is a night shot up,
that's what it was.
I know.
A nice shot up the pool shot or um,
or no,
or if the,
if your lead shot is indoors.
Yeah.
That's all.
So that means this place.
Yeah.
Here's a indicator that's good.
It's outdoors.
It's the,
it's the picture of the home.
The House Day time lit,
daytime,
noon.
It's fucking high noon.
See what this house looks like.
Exactly.
They're trying to trick you.
Sometimes there is like a tree in a corner of the house be like,
what's the fuck are you avoiding?
Right.
Yeah.
You'd think you slick.
You got the full,
yeah.
Does he know I play a black woman on 10 Parnelli video game 2004 it was my first
voiceover gig.
Did you know that sound like you're a marking marking people right there.
I wasn't at
it sounded like that was,
that was a joke.
I was being jokey.
Okay.
That's not my authentic black woman's voice.
I have a different authentic,
you sounded like you like it was,
I was offended.
Oh,
you're offended.
Yes.
Interesting.
Speaking of being offended,
my documentary,
can we take a joke came out this week and Tom and I went to the premiere.
Really great jeans.
I'm so fried.
Oh,
I think it's,
well,
you narrated the film in your narrow ray rated and you're not black voice in
your white alive woman voice my lane voice.
Yeah,
and it was,
you did such a good job.
Oh,
thank you.
The film was really,
really great,
especially for comedy fans and you can start,
it's going on,
you know on demand on demand services that tomorrow,
tomorrow,
August 2nd.
You can download it on iTunes.
You can watch on Amazon.
You can watch it on direct debit,
on demand everywhere it's coming out.
Can we take a joke?
Can we take a joke,
Ted Balak or directed it and your jeans.
Jim Norton's in at Lisa Lampanelli.
I'm trying to remember.
Gilbert cops who steals the show.
I think he did such a great job and it's about the first amendment stuff.
It is a speaking a lot of Lenny Bruce stuff in there.
It's really great.
Please support this film.
I think it's one of my favorite things I've ever worked on besides your mom's
house.
Obviously you are so cute at the premiere.
You wear your sexy dad glasses and we took pictures.
You can see them on my Instagram of sexy dad.
What's your dad doing this sexy thing?
Yeah,
like a little date night.
It was nice to go out with you and you do the Q and a afterwards murder that
you're sweet.
You did great.
It was mortifying.
I don't want to the only comic on stage because people were like,
that was a good point.
And then you were making a funny thank you.
I love you.
I'd like to say Mary t for another week or so.
Well would you like to stay married to me longer if I were a bad boy?
Are a lot of things smart,
funny,
reliable,
even charming,
but a bad boy.
You are not and neither am I a bad boys.
The guy that all the ladies love and all the dudes like you and me,
we hate.
Look that screams,
I'm going to break your heart and women are powerless against this bad boy
bravado.
But Gentlemen,
I'm here to tell you by creatively utilizing the right accessory,
we can trick the shit out of some people.
I love this guy.
Remember that guy?
No,
I'm serious.
Cause there was that TV show mystery.
Yes.
Because here's why.
He's right.
Women are very superficial.
No,
hear me out.
Women are very superficial and a lot of good guys get overlooked because they
don't meet the quote.
Look that a lot of dumb slots like thank you,
the end,
you should be encouraging everybody you know to not listen.
This guy,
this is the biggest douche bag of all time it wrong with you.
He's teaching you how to look like a Douche bag to attract women and you think
that's good advice.
I think in some cases that yeah,
initially some guys need to a doll up their appearance to attract a woman.
Yet
those would be bad boys and get accessories to do it.
What is wrong with you?
Dress like a Douche bag and then you can attract the girls to get laid.
And again,
this is like you're signing off on that mystery.
Remember that TV show?
Yes,
of course.
The same thing.
I remember he said,
flowers,
I've already covered how to develop that signature bad boy.
Lucky you've got your bad boys signature style.
Great,
but accessorization putting the icing on the bad boy style.
Accessorization you're not cringing at this guy really now because I think he
has a point and I think he's absolutely right.
I think I need to meet,
what are you talking about?
Jealous.
Can I point something out?
I think you're just jealous because you're a sexy dad and you've learned how to
sexify or data PR in.
This guys figured it out for the single guy.
Oh my God,
he's right.
Some boys need help.
They don't need this help.
How do you not,
how can you not tie that together?
This isn't the help the blue band could use like a cold or cough.
No,
I got,
yeah,
right.
So first let's go over some bad boy accessory don'ts.
Bad Boys don't wear tow rings.
If you're currently wearing a toe ring,
turn the video off and go change your dress because bad boys,
they don't wear to tow rings and they most certainly don't wear ankle bracelets.
True.
Yup.
That's great.
Are you sad boy Tom Trento rings on right now
as a general bad boy accessory rule of thumb.
I would say avoid accessorizing anything below the waist.
The exception would be if you have your junk pierce,
and I'm assuming also that if you're man enough to pierce big Allen,
the twins,
you're probably not watching my videos.
You,
my friend are a bad boy through and through.
You're the guy parents are worried about,
congratulations
God.
So worse on a fucking vomit in my mouth.
I think I also just think it's cute.
I'm into it.
Never been so turned off by you and my entire life,
the way he even says bad boy,
you're a bad boy.
I feel like,
I feel like he just wants to stick his dick in some dude's mouth right now.
He's like,
no,
I'm a bad boy.
I am a bad boy.
Yeah.
Okay.
You don't sense that here?
No,
I don't get that.
But if that's what you see in the collage,
and I'll let you see that we project what we want to see.
You don't think you want to like,
uh,
get over here to suck this Dick,
right?
I mean,
that's what you want to hear from fine.
That's what he wants.
Maybe you want to,
it's like,
oh,
I
can't believe you're into this fucking Douche bag.
So what is he advocating?
He's saying that he's trying to be a bad boy and if you want to be a bad boy,
get some fucking risks.
Fuck,
are you kidding me right now?
You care.
Rage.
He's a douchebag and bad boys are Douche bags.
But he's saying if you want to get laid,
you kind of have to bad boy.
Oh No,
there's you.
You totally don't get it.
There's two.
There's all,
there's genuine dudes who are douche bags.
Some are Douche bags,
some,
there are also like just actual Badass dudes out there where it's not a play.
Like it's really who they are.
Right.
You can't mimic that.
You can't teach that when you copy that you're a Douche bag.
Like when you're trying to copy the guy who's genuinely like that,
like you know like rock stars are like fucking,
they're real deal.
But there are real deal rockstars.
Yeah,
exactly.
Even Tyler and then like when you try to mimic a rock stars persona,
you look like an asshole.
Of course you don't have that swag inside of you that makes you that cool.
All right,
so this guy is basically being like,
you should do that.
You should try to imitate actual really cool,
naturally cool people,
which is like the grossest thing you could do and you're going to make people
even douchey or than they are the ones that sign up to do something like that.
You know the tribe to try to imitate that girls dig bad boys and he's going to
show it.
They'll going to go for the real bad boy.
They're going to go for,
here's the thing though,
just hear me out.
Hear me out.
What if there's a guy who's a sweet guy but as gears all whack,
but he doesn't he this,
this is bad advice.
A little piece of flair,
like not a leather cuff,
but just like put some deer hair nicer.
But that's a different video.
It's not this video.
It's not the bad boy video.
No,
I don't want to see like just help these nerds,
you know?
Yeah.
This nerd.
That's the video I wanted.
So that's a totally different video though.
That's the tallies up.
It is
pierced ears.
Another sorta on the fence.
Bad boy accessory.
I know some guys with the small gauges look super tough,
but I am not a fan of stretching your ear lobes because eventually if you
stretch them too much and you decide that you're not mad at your mom anymore,
you're sharing lobes are going to look like stretched out buttholes and require
surgery.
Not Bad.
Says bad boy,
like a super cool ring brings are not only a great accessory there a great
conversation starter.
Oh my God,
just for the record,
I hate bad boy.
You know that I've never dated a guy that wore a ring with an m.
Yeah,
I don't see that at all and his energy,
but you keep playing what you want,
but my personal opinion,
there was no better way to say,
Yo,
I'm a bad boy.
Then wearing called bracelets.
Bracelets are a great way to accessorize in a super cool way.
He's right in casual clothes,
but you can also do it in dress clothes.
It sends the message,
Yo,
I'm a bad boy.
Looks what's up.
I got bracelets on.
Don't be afraid to wear multiple bracelets on the same wrist and mix your
materials.
Right.
He got leather.
This is just the scissor leather cord that I wrapped the few times around my
wrist.
I've got some cool beaded bracelets and these are super easy to make yourself.
I actually did a video where I show you and teach you how to make these beads
bracelets.
There's a link county combined those bracelets with the super cool line and you
are bad boy.
Perfection
Gun.
I only,
oh,
I can only hope that he just has a bracelet company and that's what this whole
home,
so it basically is how to be a douchebag.
He's,
he's telling you how to look at the leader of all the Douche bag.
Nothing says it like it be ed boy because fucking horrific in northeastern North
Atlantic accent like bad boy,
bad boy bracelets,
Bray cds led their things here.
I just put them on myself.
How can I make it really easy to make?
My name is Joel Kramer and I'm a massage instructor with south anal massage.
You can reclaim an important part of yourself.
Oh yeah.
We haven't played this video in so long,
but it came to our attention.
We never did it with the video.
We couldn't see it.
Oh,
right now he can see this guy.
No little babies in choice.
They're assholes.
When you were very young,
who had no shame,
you certainly didn't carry tension in your sphincter muscles.
We were taught that there are places on our body that we should avoid through
the asshole is at the top of the list.
Good reasons.
I mean,
yeah,
but I do wish you would explore where this stuff comes out of there and really
wish you would.
You know why?
Because you're a bad boy.
That's where bad boys like fingers to go
dirty places
till I was 30 years old,
I hated my asshole.
Hated it nonstop and flamed him.
Rides not fun.
Well that's why you hated it.
Drew on my asshole bleeding demonstrated in this video I have to relax.
Stop saying Asshole Weirdo and his mustache doesn't help.
Matters is talking and like clinical terms and I
need to say massage my amen.
Certainly.
I don't know.
I recommend clenching your ass hole in rhythm with your like to show you four,
right?
I don't know.
It was edited out of order.
Right.
But I'm saying is the joke here is the thing how this video got like he was
saying anus and they,
they made it sound like an asshole.
That's a good question.
But it was just a castle from a different part.
Right,
right.
And then just drop it in it cause it's really
that.
He's like,
I never had any experiences with my ass hauled off.
The first is just a sigh.
Deep breath
on the inhale,
clench and on the exhale,
relax.
No.
Yeah.
Ah,
I would love to see you make love to this man.
Now I can't take it.
What did you take him or the bad boy?
Bad boy.
I can't do this.
This is just experienced so much more pleasure with her city.
He would totally get you your asshole tingling and you'd take his ass.
You don't need my ass.
Hold a tingle.
The next breath is Clyde and clench faster.
All the efforts on the inhale.
Do it Tom,
to practice before your colonoscopy.
How does it feel?
I feel far.
Calvin.
Do I do it?
Hmm.
The third breath breath.
I'm in.
Hell the double step.
So it's like this.
Cool.
It's really,
and you have two steps in your client.
These people.
Can I tell you some,
a lot of time,
right?
The fuck.
Do you have time to worry about your hands?
Completely relaxed.
I don't have time in my day to worry about and we can.
How I've ignored my swa souls when we think we're relaxed,
has too much time on his hands.
He ain't got no wife,
no kids.
The last job,
water of very fast breath.
Do about 15 with please.
This makes anal breasts.
You will start to let go of anal tension,
but if you're interested in high levels of wellbeing,
I recommend 500 to 1,500 to a thousand
Maintel breath.
That's a lot of just time spent with your asshole.
Can I tell you the how the bad boy video angered you?
This angers me and I hear
more.
Oh,
thank you sir.
From this guy.
The other guy,
I don't recommend doing all thousand without a break.
This angers.
You don't dress like a weight lifting at law,
the mustache,
anal,
Brit
massage.
Oh yeah.
When the sphincter muscles have been stretched and relaxed.
There's total
satisfaction.
Nice,
nice totals.
That is bad.
Do you miss your four skin?
Do I miss it?
Do you miss it like you know how there are men that like,
I need your feet clean like for skin and then the force can move and then they
pull it using pins and stuff.
That's what I feel like this is like there's protesters now to circumcision.
Yeah.
I know there's a whole movement and not a certain,
there's nice,
I wish I had had a choice.
No one gave me a choice.
It's true.
Top brutalized me at birth.
Just like your gender assignment.
Someone called you a boy and now you're stuck with that and someone gives you a
circumcision duck with it.
I stuck with that.
How dare they wish you guys hadn't done that to me.
Do you miss it though?
Do you really?
Is that a thing for you?
Never think about it.
Yeah.
Sometimes I pull on what's left of my botched circumcision.
It's not bosh fame.
It looks great.
I'll put a picture online and you can tell me what you think,
but he's like reclaiming his asshole.
He's saying that he was asked that he was robbed of his asshole pleasure and
he's reclaiming that like it's important to him.
[inaudible] see that angers me because I feel like his priorities are way out of
whack.
Like you don't,
you don't have a family to focus on or friends or dog to walk something in your
life besides reclaiming your anal pleasure.
That makes me mad.
When people are like this much of a loser,
like come on Bro.
He really knows how to mix.
Focus on some shit that matters.
Okay.
He really knows how to,
yeah.
Yeah.
Enjoy his asshole.
People can't have access to fresh drinking water and there's starving children.
That doesn't mean you should ignore your animals being abused.
There's an ignore your ass,
although million other causes so you could take out bro.
She goes,
Christ,
by the way,
this is a real commercial commercial meeting.
They filmed it and put it up a car company
then not only hear it on TV but they,
they put the phone number and everything and I think it's in Kansas City.
Right.
You fix it.
The bumper is hanging off of it
don't matter.
Just make sure you bring somebody down here,
which you cause we all sell their shit as he is now.
We're driving,
we test drive change all we do what we can make this shit happen.
Right.
But three months down the line,
I don't want to hear about no alternators.
You got a flat tire breaks.
Don't work.
Look fuck that.
We sell for transmission art.
As long as that moraine blowing up that transmission,
I don't bring that shit back.
Tripping.
All right.
Yup.
When you Baghdadi's bringing your grandpa and your grandma's bring any mother
fucker,
you want to bring the check these motherfuckers out cause we don't want to bring
this shit back and claim it down.
Nothing.
Gas Cards to send those same customers.
Okay.
Um,
that's how door dash should be.
That's how I wished they were.
We might get to shit on time.
We might not.
Yeah.
It's your problem.
Not My problem.
You get your food
now.
My job.
What does Kansas City here,
you guys can,
yeah.
Dot.
Yeah,
real.
Not My job.
I really,
I really do appreciate that.
Directness id to always have.
Yeah.
It's a,
it's an honest car salesman.
There are.
There are none except for him here.
Fucking bullshit.
I don't want to hear that shit.
Don't come crying.
Imagine alternator.
Wait,
what was that again?
Don't come crying about your alternator.
It sounds like you're mocking somebody.
Not Mocking anybody.
I was just doing a silly voice.
Tom.
I'm a voiceover artist.
I do several silly voices.
Would like to hear I do many voices.
Yes.
I would like to hear wait a little bit,
but there you go.
Wow.
Professional cartoon.
Voiceover artists.
Can you,
what do you want to the nerve to chicken.
Wow.
That was really good.
Thank you.
Yours?
Wow.
Really impressive.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Ready?
Are these all sound effects from the first song that you made?
No,
that was just from the apple computer,
but I can do them as well.
Nerd.
Yeah.
I'm not doing that one.
That's an actual character that I do in my repertoire.
So,
so I'm not good with Stewart do it.
Oh,
why I'm doing the real voices.
No,
come on.
no.
I have to pee.
Can I pee pee right now?
Be in your seat.
Okay,
go ahead.
Uh,
How was your pee?
It was good.
And you know what I was thinking is that you might be the master of accents.
I'm the master of animals.
Yeah.
You,
yeah.
You send in the animal you want me to do and I'll do it.
Ah,
what a call Tom saying,
whoa.
You want to hear a zero work on it?
You know,
just what you through your apps really fucking intimidating coyotes.
Hedgehogs.
I'll work on it.
Oh,
by the way,
somebody said,
um,
my name is Jim.
In regards to a few weeks ago in the podcast,
a man claim,
there are no people in Benning billings,
Montana,
as fat as Tom Hubbard.
I have lived in billings my entire life and I promise there are people here even
fatter than fell Warburg.
Although with Bert it is clothes.
However,
there are no comedians here as fat as Barbie cause he's a fat fucking community.
Jesus.
Oh my God,
good luck guys.
James,
Watergate theory.
Hey
Shit.
Schindler's,
um,
uh,
after hours upon hours of research and film study.
The recent controversy of who the real h two o champ has come under question.
I myself am an equal opportunity mommy lover.
But it seems that the polls lately may have been skewed.
Buns declared himself water champ and I call bullshit Tom.
I was recently watching episode three 46 on youtube before any of the waters
can,
was brought to light and it's clear as day Tom sat through a whole episode
without so much as a sip of h two o none insight as a matter of fact,
well Mommy's see had a glass of brown interesting and a glass of water.
Okay.
Even though she was taking your keys.
Not Cool.
I know this isn't a significant piece of evidence,
but I thought I should bring it to the table.
See something.
Say something.
Yours truly Derek.
Thanks.
Thank you Derek.
I'm glad that finally,
you know,
what's going to happen is that the truth will come out.
Eventually.
You're propaganda.
Uh,
you,
you know,
one time it had blue band bring you a gallon of water before the show and you
know this showboating nonsense.
Yes.
The truth is this is a marathon.
The water drinking champion and I will prevail.
You think so?
I am prevailing.
I drink more water than you.
Okay.
Constantly.
I hydrate constantly.
I feel like it's not even close,
but okay.
Time will tell.
Thank you for writing that in Derrick.
Thank you,
Derrick.
I shadowed,
I sat her dance.
Here we go.
Floss them.
Shits,
settle,
updates.
Everybody.
We got a few.
Oh good.
It's been a while.
People have been writing in about the dental updates.
Hi,
Mommy's three weeks ago,
Christina mentioned the crown.
It seemed a little bit wobbly and was concerned about popping it off.
Lawson,
I recently had a crown installed and this is what my dentist told me.
You can still floss,
but after you pushed him to dad,
he doesn't know that we've already covered this over this.
Remember I said I read this email?
Yeah.
And Oh,
it was on Patrion.
Okay.
Nevermind.
I read this email and I continue.
I'm sorry,
I didn't realize we didn't do it on a regular show.
Okay.
Uh,
you can do it in between.
You're still moving around.
Don't pull it.
All right.
That's great.
Back through.
All right,
so what he's saying is when you floss around a wobbly crown,
you just put the floss down on that,
run it through,
like you pull it out,
you don't pop it back up.
So I've been doing that.
It's really helped.
Thank you.
Okay,
well that we started doing that on this person's advice.
Donika Donika Donika hop.
By the way,
the Patriots show.
Ah,
the newest one is fucking fire.
It's so fun.
Thank you to everybody that signed up.
If you haven't signed up,
it's patriot.
Potentia patrion.com/mom patrion.com/mom and um,
yeah,
bonus episode went up today,
right?
Yeah.
August 1st and um,
there's all kinds of different tiers and different prizes and the,
uh,
20 $20 people this month get a commemorative poster before August 1st then you
get that Cincinnati Farc poster.
Yeah.
Which isn't,
we have it online yet.
I don't think we have it.
Should we show it right now?
Sure.
I have it up on my Twitter account here.
I shadow jots.
Can you
look at that?
Look at that fucking thing.
More chairs made this rob.
It's great.
Unbelievable man.
Yeah,
I love it.
It's like a Greasy mad magazine style.
I'll just,
I love this.
So much.
So cool.
Um,
all right.
More dental updates.
So I've done a lovely,
I haven't been to the dentist in two years because I don't like the dentist.
I love keeping my choppers clean,
but because I left college,
move cities looking for a job,
dental insurance to go with it.
Well now my new brand of dental insurance,
I found a dude dentist for a checkup and a cleaning.
I was already a little wary of a new place,
uh,
trying to pull one over on me and as I was filling out my paperwork,
a woman came in to complain about billing on her way out,
looked at me and whispered,
be careful.
Ah,
I had a good sign after doing x rays and a quick exam.
The dentist started telling me I had periodontitis.
That's gum disease is a,
how you say it,
period.
Done.
I think Santa's sounds like a dinosaur even though my teeth were work well
within the healthy depth measurements for gum.
She also told me that because the plaque build up on my teeth required the use
of dental tools,
it would constitute a deep cleaning.
Oh,
bullshit.
Which would cost me three 60 the deep cleaning dental tools is extra.
I got out of my chair and screamed,
do your job,
sweetie.
That's your job.
That's your job,
sweetie.
Sweetie.
She could tell you to tell me I had three cavities fixed immediately,
an extra hundred $80 each.
When I told her I wanted to go home and think about it,
they tried to pressure me into doing it right there.
Get your life even offering,
I could do a cleaning for half today.
That's a racket.
I'm not going to walk around with half of my face looking nasty like that.
You know what I'm saying?
Having listened to many a dental updates segment,
I knew this was a scam dentist.
Needless to say,
I got the hell out of there.
I'm looking for a second opinion.
I'm going to take Tina Jean's advice and look for an Eastern Block or dentist.
That's the real deal.
Not going to screw me over.
Keeping them high end tight,
Tori,
way to go,
Tori.
Um,
don't let those fuckers have the,
they'll drill into your head to make a few hundred bucks.
Terrible.
We won't even need it.
And the fact that he said it's only been two years since his last visit,
you don't have periodontal disease,
I don't think in just two years of not seeing a dentist.
There's this thing too,
when you get dental insurance and you get an,
you know,
oh I see.
Yeah,
they rack it up.
They will wrap that shit up.
And Yeah,
if,
if you,
if you know,
if you had take care of your,
your dental hygiene pretty well,
like you're somebody who kind of,
you know,
flosses regularly brush your teeth and you go in and there's just this,
all these things they want to do.
I would always check it out somewhere else.
Bullshit.
They tell you you got multiple cavities.
I would take it somewhere else too.
Absolutely.
Rays somewhere else.
Asked to have the x rays and take you check out.
This one I wanted to share my dental have today with you.
Um,
since you're a dental update.
Seg was inspired me to go to the dentist recently after over 15 buttery yellow
years of avoiding it,
15 years.
That's when you get the periodontal.
While I brush my teeth every day and use mouthwash I have never ever philosophy
shits says by wisdom,
teeth are growing and I spent years in pain.
With each passing year my teeth hurt more and more I became convinced that they
were rotting and riddled with cavities.
Finally,
the pain was so intense,
I cracked,
went to the dentist.
Turns out I definitely need my wisdom teeth out.
All four have grown in their crowded,
but what is amaze is they took a panoramic x rays and I have zero cavities.
Wow.
Dennis said,
I have perfect teeth sanctuary after you work up the courage to face my dental
fears.
Next step.
Whitening swiping pearly whites like my main money Tina.
And that's from Johnny.
Tom.
Thanks Jenny.
Good for you.
You know,
15 years.
There's nothing to be afraid of guys.
Yeah.
You know they numb you.
What's your afraid of is a shot maybe that that parts of the lung comfortable
and your wisdom teeth coming out.
That sucks.
I'm not gonna Lie Jenny,
but you get painkillers and it'll be right as rain and a couple of weeks she'll
be fine and then you can get back to your workouts.
Keep moving and we're going to lunch to the side for one
one.
Squeeze your abs
there.
We played as a baby.
It reminded me of how hard I laughed when that guy got hit by that car in the
garage.
Do you remember that?
I found that really troubling.
That wasn't so fun.
And look at you reliving it now
the mile and it's,
oh man.
I'm surprised that you shared that good time in your head just now.
He's lately.
You've been having fun thoughts and then you don't share them with me and you'll
like last night we were getting ready for bed and you were having so much fun
and you're having good fun thought at times and you were like laughing to
yourself and I was like,
well,
what?
What's the joke,
Tom?
Tell me.
Tell him.
Just tell me.
You're like,
no,
I don't want to share with you.
And then you pull it off me and pushed.
Then don't make such a fun time about it.
Then keep it to yourself.
He can't just sit there laughing and smiling and then not share the joke.
Why can't I do that?
Because it's fucking rude.
We're comedians is rude.
You have to let me know what you're laughing at.
It's a professional courtesy,
man.
It wasn't even a good one.
All right.
You made me tell you when I told you and it wasn't even good.
I liked it.
I liked the two shared.
You're like,
tell me,
tell me what you're thinking right now.
What do you know?
No.
I said,
tell me what your,
what are you getting joy from right now?
Because I hate when you have joy and you don't share the joy.
It's not fair.
And I needed some joy.
I was tired.
Yeah.
Found that.
This is so funny.
This is somewhere I don't think it's that.
I don't know.
Where is that
not American,
right?
So the car is rolling into this garage kind of slowly making its way in.
You can tell there's like a little bit of a speed bump or something and then
it's like going on to the,
uh,
the guys back there on his clipboard.
It's like backing up and could tell the guys,
see blue band doesn't think that's fucked up,
man.
Sorry,
I'm missing the funny.
This man just finally got his legs broken.
He's in pain,
Babe.
It's not funny.
His legs are broken.
You can't stand.
He's collapsing because his legs are broken.
Oh,
this is the most,
what's up?
Like he's a screaming.
You can't see his concern at his concern now.
It's terrible.
You dropped some back there.
They just walks away.
A shitty friend.
Ooh,
wow.
He's still on the floor and he's writhing in pain.
He
looks like he dropped like a,
like a,
like a business card or over here he'd say for,
where did I put
like I can't get up baby.
He's all right.
He's not all right.
He's not popped up yet.
He comes up Bert later.
He's not look at the title of the thing.
It's not even funny.
It doesn't say funny anywhere.
I don't know why you're laughing,
man.
Gets crushed by car.
Can't get up.
That was paralyzed from the waist down and you're dying of laughter.
Oh Man.
This is why I do think you're a serial killer.
It's moments like this around the news reported the guy's fine.
It's what it says here.
It does.
You're gonna murder me in my sleep.
Blue bands not laughing.
He's laughing.
He's laughing at you.
Right?
How you're laughing so hard at this cruise.
Why?
Because it's not normal.
It's not funny.
No,
not at all.
No.
Is it?
It's a guy getting run over by a car and you find it the whole area.
Well it's,
he goes,
AH,
right.
Cause he's in pain and he's a foreigner.
He does it make the same sounds in American would.
And again,
okay,
this,
oh my God,
you're such a psycho.
You need to tell your therapist about this.
Will you please,
please bring this up in therapy.
He goes,
I lost it at the part where he backs up and the dude falls on the floor.
Lol.
That's a comment underneath here.
Um,
it's a,
you know,
it's a bad liar.
People were at,
wow,
man,
I hope the car isn't hurting.
MMM.
Now don't,
don't try to look for evidence to support your mental illness.
You have problems or why do I have a problem?
Because it's not,
it's not supposed to be funny.
I don't think.
It's funny that a guy got hit by a car,
but I think his reaction was funny.
Kilos two are kind of inseparable.
Like it's big.
He's reacting because he's in pain.
Ah.
Ah,
okay.
Okay.
You're laughing like an 80 year old reactions.
Reactions are funny in those situations.
Like when the guy kills that hooker in that a heading out and go,
I can't,
are we done here?
Is this done?
No.
What's your problem?
What is your problem?
That was funny.
I haven't laughed that hard since the first time I saw a video.
Ah,
hi.
Okay.
Ooh.
I feel like getting some fucking leather bracelets today.
I feel so.
Oh my God.
You shove your bed,
boy.
What is this?
I don't know what this is.
Even,
um,
the water champion
has showed Bruce that.
Excellent.
How should I wait?
Who made that?
Did you make that blue band?
I did not make that.
I think Patty,
you see me okay.
That she made me part of a AH,
wow.
Yeah.
Part of a movement.
And you think are the water champion and this is for
okay.
Packet.
Not good
raised.
I love it.
Great.
That's great.
That is great.
It was that the streets by Brandy Roz Ryan and Jennifer Lewis.
Really?
Brandy,
brandy,
brandy.
Yeah,
that's fine.
It sure is.
Look at that face.
It's brandy.
Oh my God.
That is not brandy.
Brandy.
No one's branding though.
It's not if you've never seen Andy is mass.
No.
Johar Nair,
Nair.
No.
What's that?
Oh my God.
Anything else?
Jeans?
No,
no,
you have nothing else people wrote in and let,
and let me know that.
You know how a while back I was talking about Gardetto's and how they should
only have the tasty chips.
The Rye chips in there.
Oh yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
There is a product that you can just buy the good pieces.
Oh Wow.
Thanks for letting me know.
That's a huge update.
People can get just the chips.
They like it.
That's what I'm talking about.
It's important to me guys.
Okay,
good to know that.
Uh,
anything else here?
Let's see.
I do think this was so great.
We should play this again.
The same fat Harbert Cordova Love Sugar,
but Christ crusher,
you are a fat can't,
you're a fat.
That constant.
Thomson [inaudible] 11 international international ones.
Really good.
Good job on that stuff.
Oh,
I was going to mention the other day,
you and I were play hitting each other.
Yeah.
And you do this thing where like if I punch you or hit you,
yeah.
Then you get me back twice.
That makes you feel good.
You get me back double for the pantry.
The hit.
Yeah.
But you did this thing the other day where you pinched me,
you hit my arm and then you're like,
I'm sorry,
I'm sorry.
And then you went to rub it,
but then the rubbing made it hurt more.
Well that's what you said,
but that doesn't
make sense.
So what happened was I pinched you to get you back and you're like,
oh,
that really hurt.
And then I went to rub it.
And you're like to have rubbing hurts,
hurt more.
Go Away.
No rubbing.
It felt better.
Rubbing always makes the the ouch part.
The alley place hurt more.
No,
everyone knows that.
No one knows that rubbing makes it feel better.
No,
that hurts me.
Rub It for no dumb,
dumb kissing.
It makes it better rubbing.
It hurts more.
No,
you're very malicious with the play fighting.
If I pinch you,
then you get me back sometimes two or three times while to get you back with the
pinches and stuff.
I like to mention twist too.
Like I'll grab real soft parts mean and I squeeze it as hard as I can.
But you do it double or triple the amount that I gave you and that's not fair.
Well that's how to make sure you get somebody back.
I mean that's the whole thing is I'm trying.
Yeah.
Um,
is this Kevin Gates thing set up or is it just the youtube link
that's red.
It was just planet.
Don't play it.
Okay.
All right.
Um,
[inaudible] nobody wants to hear.
Oh God.
You want to hear a song gene
about?
Uh,
okay.
He knows his way.
This looks ridiculous.
It was good.
Yeah,
probably.
Probably.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh look at Trump.
He's the man.
Let's put our name Whitey Bulger and Mike Pence and
make a great tea.
They'll make our navy shun the greatest.
It's been
great.
I really feel like we've seen this acid tremor.
No.
Clin ought to go.
Haha.
Serious sign.
Oh,
our border
cap.
Kraemer knows.
Love my boy.
They'll take us.
Donald's got
clear as the day or not a lot of views.
3 million.
We're down.
Yeah.
It's pretty great.
Whew,
man.
I need to lie down.
Yeah.
After that I expressed what song did you want to go out on?
I um,
we did Burdis fan.
Yeah,
we did that during the show.
How about my cat?
My cat.
My cat?
Yeah.
Your 4th of July song.
Do you want to hear,
um,
if I
could
only count when Kat,
that's called James and my cut.
Yeah.
And changed him.
I can't think it's by Max.
Nimbin.
Great.
The Great Max Newman.
It's always great.
All right.
Um,
thank you guys for listening.
Please check out your mom's house,
podcast.com please go to Thomson [inaudible] Dot Com please go to thousand
ranch.com pull Eugene's up through the roof and we'll see you in a week.
Catholic,
it's sexy.